docs: Rename Admin Roles to get rid of Partner-naming (#1075)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/administration.delete-tenants.md

You can filter tenants that require approval by selecting the status column and choosing the dropdown option `Requires approval`.

> As an organization user or a platform engineer, you have the option to either confirm or decline the deletion of the tenant. For either decision, you can also enter an optional comment which is limited to 255 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an administrative user, you have the option to either confirm or decline the deletion of the tenant. For either decision, you can also enter an optional comment which is limited to 255 characters.
```
